Chapter 1

The school counselor’s office smelled like strong coffee and peppermint. A single daffodil rested in a tall, thin glass vase on the heavy wood desk. A thick manila folder sat numbly next to it. The man pushed his spectacles up the ridge of his nose as he stared Tabitha down.
Tabitha, on the other hand, did her best impression of an innocent angel and fiddled with the snow globe on the desk. Within the glass was a snowy forest of pine trees in miniature. A tiny ballerina danced among the trees. Her pale pink tutu looked odd next to her pale green skin.
“It’s alright to not know what to do, Tabitha. You’re not the first.”
Tabitha looked anywhere but at him. She didn’t want to talk about this. That’s when she saw the counselor’s walking cane, leaning up against the back wall. It was the most unique thing she’d ever seen.
 The cane had a polished brass handle, and the wooden leg was glossy. It was intricately carved in deep grooves and intricate patterns. The largest shape she could make out was cut on the handle, it looked an awful lot like an hourglass shape, except the middle was like a thick tree trunk and the top and bottom parts where sand usually rushed back and forth to sit were a bulbous shape of interwoven lines, like roots and branches, on their respective ends. 
“Where’d you get that cane?”
“Please don’t change the subject,” he said.
“It’s just… so pretty.”
He glanced at it. “It was a gift. From a long time ago. A time I don’t particularly want to remember.”
“There are lots of things I don’t want to remember. But I don’t have a memento as cool as that.” She leaned forward. “I don’t know how to describe it. There’s just something about it. It’s so old, yet so pretty.”
The counselor ran his fingers through his short dark hair. “Yes, it is quite old, and quite well-made. We have more important matters to attend to though.”
Her mouth flat-lined as she ripped her gaze from the cane. “Sure, I guess.”
“So?”
He was met with silence.
“Tabitha.” The counselor had a rich baritone voice, which he seemed to think he wielded quite confidently. “Have you ever heard of the man who fell from the sky?”
She guessed her impression wasn’t working. The analog clock on the wall ticked one, two, three. “You mean like a sky-diver?”
“No.” The counselor replied. “I mean, a man who really fell from the sky. No parachute, no harness, no wings, not even a plane.”
“So he’s not real.” She said nonchalantly.
The counselor cocked his head and stared somewhere above Tabitha’s head. “No, not that either.”
Tabitha pursed her lips. “So what happened?”
The counselor picked up the manila folder and leafed through it once again. It was tagged “Tabitha Kraemer." The spring breeze flowing in the open window rustled the pages.
“Aren’t you going to tell me?” She said impatiently.
The counselor sighed. “What do you think happened?”
Tabitha set her jaw. “He died.”
The man pushed his spectacles up again. “No. No, he didn’t.” His lip curled. “Have you no imagination?” With her silence as answer, the counselor sighed and continued. “The man got up and left. No one ever saw him again.”
Tabitha averted her eyes. She wasn’t sure what else she could have expected. 
“What’s the point of that?” She slumped back in her metal beige chair.
The counselor lightly flapped the folder fully open and laid it between the two of them. “The point is: we really need to make a plan for you. You keep saying you want to leave Skaggs Creek, but you have no plans.”
“I have plans.” She said quickly, sounding more whiny than she’d like. 
The papers fluttered as the counselor opened the folder and clicked a pen. “Elaborate.”

+
	Tabitha breathed a sigh of relief as she stalked out of the counselor’s office. He was way too hard nosed about her future. She glanced back at the door, could see him moving beyond the frosted glass. To the side of the door read a placard: Mr. Hunter, Advisory Counselor.
She reentered the noisy hallway full of students on their way to lunch and accidentally met eyes with Ian Greer as he came down the hallway and stopped at his locker. She ducked her head and sprinted down the hall in the opposite direction.
+
The cafeteria was loud and boisterous, but Tabitha kept her eyes on her food. She sat alone in a corner of the room, mustering her best dark aura. The empty chair across from her unfortunately squeaked as someone sat down. 
Ian Greer brandished flowers in Tabitha's face. What kind of flowers, she didn't know. One look at Ian's dopey grin cut off all curiosity.
"How's the birthday girl, huh?"
Coming from anyone else in school, these words might actually make Tabitha want to punch a guy. But coming from Ian, it was rather pitiful.
"Finally seventeen right? You've caught up with the rest of us. Another year in a row." He kept grinning, and the throbbing between her temples got worse.
"Don't worry, Ian. Your brain will catch up, too." 
"Ouch, Tabby. I’m just trying to cheer you up."
"Well, you’ve failed. Leave me alone." She stuck her nose in her science textbook. “And don’t call me ‘Tabby.’” She grumbled under her breath.
"Fine, fine. Whatever." He sighed. "At least take the flowers though? They're peonies. They look nice."
She rubbed her eyes and groused. "I don't have a vase."
"Sure you do. Heather has tons of flowers." He smiled winningly.
"Yeah, but she's using them. She's not gonna dump one out just for your present."
His grin fell. "Fine then. Forget about the flowers. Just help me with the calculus homework." He tossed the peonies in a near-by trash can.
Tabitha slouched. "Fine, whatever," she warbled. "What don't you understand this time?"
He tossed his homework in front of her, and she slouched over it with a red pen.
	She grit her teeth at all his mistakes. This room was full of people who just didn’t get it. This, or anything. And unlucky for her mood, she caught sight from across the cafeteria of another flipping person who would never flipping get it.
Dark haired and darkly clothed, Cassidy Higgins threw her head back and laughed, a powerful sound that reverberated in Tabitha’s skull, in spite of the loud cafeteria. She attacked the paper, splotching red ink like splattered blood. 
“Hey, don’t kill my paper,” Ian leaned over. “It’s not that bad.”
“I think the death penalty totally applies here.”
He swiped the paper from her. “If you aren’t gonna help, then don’t try. Seriously.”
Tabitha went back to picking at her food. A few minutes later, Ian gave up on his calculus scribbles. "So, what'd the counselor want to talk about?"
Tabitha peered at his answers on the half-crumpled piece of paper and grumbled something unintelligible. 
Ian raised his brows. “What was that?”
She grumbled some more and stared long and hard at the messy calculations. 
“What?”
She narrowed her eyes at him. “Number 3 and 4 are wrong and 7 is just plain chicken scratch.” He tugged the paper away. He sighed and pressed it back into the black hole that was his backpack.
Tabitha rolled her eyes. "I have to get tutoring.” She said caustically. “Apparently working a job during high school isn't enough to get me into the university."
Ian grinned tightly. "Still against community college?"
"Of course! You should raise your standards."
"Not everyone wants to leave so badly. Skaggs Creek is a good place."
"Sure, if you wanna die here." Tabitha muttered sulkily.
"Maybe I do." He said. Tabitha snorted and looked away. "No, really,” he continued, sitting forward. “I wasn't born here, and you were. I can die here and you can die somewhere else."
"Morbid, for you.” 
“Positivity only takes you part of the way.” Ian chuckled, glancing at his chicken-scratch, all marked up in red. “Switching lives. Wouldn’t that be something. Not as good as some things though.”
Tabitha glanced at him. “Don’t need to switch lives if I’m gonna make my life happen, the way I want.”
Ian bent over the textbook and seemed to ignore her statement. “And how’re you gonna do that again?” he muttered.
Tabitha pursed her lips and turned away from him. The end-of-lunch bell rang. She shouldered her backpack and stalked away. Ian absently stared at his paper as Tabitha joined the leaving throng.
+
The outside world was all grey and cloudy, and thunder rolled in the distance. Lightning flashed somewhere above the treeline that ran about a mile away from the school. Tabitha strode angrily out of the building, tripped down the concrete steps, and landed on her hands and knees, shrieking in her throat.
“Get excited, dish water! Rain’s coming!” Tabitha’s blood boiled and her head shot around to see her accuser. 
Paulette Lashley was a short, hawkish brunette with a cadmium red smirk and too many rings on her fingers. Tabitha glared caustically. Younger, smarter, richer, that’s all Paulette was. But not as experienced as Tabitha. Never that. 
Tabitha sighed and stared hard at the pavement. It was just as grey as the crackling sky. She gingerly picked herself up. Only some scratches. Her knees were probably fine, too. 
She turned around and squinted. Paulette and her lackeys were giggling. Loudly, which was quite the feat as there was quite the clamor coming from the other students streaming out of the building. Tabitha’s lone stance cut their flow in two.
“You’re hairy looks grimier than usual, dish water!” Paulette called again. “Do you ever shower? Or is a kitchen sink the only place you can rinse?”
Tabitha’s brows furrowed. She desperately wanted to say something. Her throat tightened as a harsh retort bubbled up.
"At least I don't waste time washing out that mountain of hairspray you call hair!" Tabitha flushed as the girls laughed. Weak, weak comeback. Just shut up and leave.
"So you admit you don't wash. Good for you, dish water! On the road to recovery!"
Tabitha blushed. She did so wash. In fact, she would go home right then and scrub their words away till her skin was raw and her hair fell out. 
She groaned. If only she didn’t have work.
The store was quiet that day as Tabitha reshelved. Her eyes drooped as she placed the same box of cereal up on each shelf over and over again. As boring as it was, she was glad for the peace and quiet. Sure, helping customers wasn’t her favorite thing, but reshelving was alright. Then she went home, nice and quiet-like, school forgotten.
	At least, that’s what she wished had happened today.
	The store was busy. So busy she felt she would burst. What was it, a holiday?
	Then of course, she had to drop a glass bottle right in front of a customer. It shattered and the glass lacerated the woman’s bare calves. 
	“It was an accident! I swear!”
	“That’s not a question, Tabitha.” Her manager said. “But I can’t do nothing. We’re responsible for the customer’s injuries. You’re fired.”
Tabitha threw down her green apron and turned away from the manager. “I hated this job any---”
	She stopped in shock. There stood Ian Greer in aisle 13, ready for the evening shift. He seemed to be in the middle of tying the strings of his apron. His eyes were wide and blinking rapidly at the sight of Tabitha and the manager.
“Anyway,” She swallowed in embarrassment and rushed past him.
	The job wasn’t even that bad. It was just...she was the problem, she thought sourly. She was always the problem.
	And now she sat on the curb outside the store, all alone, and hating the idea of going home early.
+
The door was ajar when Tabitha arrived home at her mother’s apartment. Invisible fumes wafted out the entryway. A glass-blown violet vase full of sweet pea flowers balanced precariously on the end table that had been dragged outside. A watering can repurposed as a vase for sunflowers sat to the side of the entryway. Pots upon pots of colorful flowers littered the aisle, and she stepped gingerly to avoid them. Wrinkling her nose, she shuffled inside. The flowers' delicate fragrance couldn't compete with the harsh smell of paint. 
The apartment came painted a drab beige and was so tiny that only a few feet separated the door and the kitchen. An aqua-colored vase of daisies sat on the cheap laminate counter.
There were two small bedrooms, one for Tabitha and one for her mother, and a tiny bathroom connecting them. 
A plain upholstered chair dug into the beige carpet of the living room. The old boxy television she used to watch cartoons on sat shadowed in the light that filtered in from the narrow sliding backdoor. It took a strong arm to shove open the door in order to access the garden balcony.
The far side of the living room was cluttered with paints and palettes. Canvases, each a different scene depicting the Hacker Woods, lined the wall. Heather Kraemer sat at her easel in a smock slashed with green and blue paint. She held a paint brush poised in the air, chewing her lip and she gazed intently at the canvas. Multiple rough brush strokes already adorned the canvas in a suggestion of trees. She glanced at her daughter momentarily before the canvas drew her back in.
Tabitha slumped her way into her room and closed the door, settling into the darkness. The room was small and fairly empty, save a twin bed, a work desk, and a little closet. A square window stood across from her, a vague grey sunset peaking through its dusty blinds. 
She flicked on the light and huddled at her desk. She spread her papers and pens and pencils and proceeded to write her name on the first piece of homework. Squeezing her eyes shut, she tried to keep in mind the image of the scholarship application. The library’s shiny new computers. The rain, dripping down the windows. The legions of plastic covered books. A fine day to do it finally. But the image didn’t really stick.
“Happy birthday to me. Happy birthday to me…” she murmured, and started her school work.
