The school counselor’s office smelled like strong coffee and peppermint. A single daffodil rested in a tall, thin glass vase on the heavy wood desk. A thick manila folder sat numbly next to it. The man pushed his spectacles up the ridge of his nose as he stared Tabitha down.
Tabitha, on the other hand, did her best impression of an innocent angel and fiddled with the snow globe on the desk. Within the glass was a snowy forest of pine trees in miniature. A tiny ballerina danced among the trees. Her pale pink tutu looked odd next to her pale green skin.
“It’s alright to not know what to do, Tabitha. You’re not the first.”
Tabitha looked anywhere but at him. She didn’t want to talk about this. That’s when she saw the counselor’s walking cane, leaning up against the back wall. It was the most unique thing she’d ever seen.
The cane had a polished brass handle, and the wooden leg was glossy. It was intricately carved in deep grooves and intricate patterns. The largest shape she could make out was cut on the handle, it looked an awful lot like an hourglass shape, except the middle was like a thick tree trunk and the top and bottom parts where sand usually rushed back and forth to sit were a bulbous shape of interwoven lines, like roots and branches, on their respective ends. 
“Where’d you get that cane?”
“Please don’t change the subject,” he said.
“It’s just… so pretty.”
He glanced at it. “It was a gift. From a long time ago. A time I don’t particularly want to remember.”
“There are lots of things I don’t want to remember. But I don’t have a memento as cool as that.” She leaned forward. “I don’t know how to describe it. There’s just something about it. It’s so old, yet so pretty.”
The counselor ran his fingers through his short dark hair. “Yes, it is quite old, and quite well-made. We have more important matters to attend to though.”
Her mouth flat-lined as she ripped her gaze from the cane. “Sure, I guess.”
“So?”
He was met with silence.
“Tabitha.” The counselor had a rich baritone voice, which he seemed to think he wielded quite confidently. “Have you ever heard of the man who fell from the sky?”
She guessed her impression wasn’t working. The analog clock on the wall ticked one, two, three. “You mean like a sky-diver?”
“No.” The counselor replied. “I mean, a man who really fell from the sky. No parachute, no harness, no wings, not even a plane.”
“So he’s not real.” She said nonchalantly.
The counselor cocked his head and stared somewhere above Tabitha’s head. “No, not that either.”
Tabitha pursed her lips. “So what happened?”
The counselor picked up the manila folder and leafed through it once again. It was tagged “Tabitha Kraemer." The spring breeze flowing in the open window rustled the pages.
“Aren’t you going to tell me?” She said impatiently.
The counselor sighed. “What do you think happened?”
Tabitha set her jaw. “He died.”
The man pushed his spectacles up again. “No. No, he didn’t.” His lip curled. “Have you no imagination?” With her silence as answer, the counselor sighed and continued. “The man got up and left. No one ever saw him again.”
Tabitha averted her eyes. She wasn’t sure what else she could have expected. 
“What’s the point of that?” She slumped back in her metal beige chair.
The counselor lightly flapped the folder fully open and laid it between the two of them. “The point is: we really need to make a plan for you. You keep saying you want to leave Skaggs Creek, but you have no plans.”
“I have plans.” She said quickly, sounding more whiny than she’d like. 
The papers fluttered as the counselor opened the folder and clicked a pen. “Elaborate.”
